Use it quickly
Used used
That's amazing.
Dad is awesome
How is that possible?
Simply unheard of
Never seen
This phone is perfect
To make such a perfect phone
Impossible this trash
How is it possible to create such a mobile phone?
No one else can
It doesn't mean I can't do it either
If my father were a loser
And what are you?
Hey
Little girl, who do you think is trash?
Do you still want to fight Yaoyao?
Hey, Duan Mengran
Did you just say you were going to wash your hair upside down?
Water is ready
Come on, Mr. Qin
Miss Duan
When will our mobile phone be listed?
I can't wait to experience it
It's this phone. Once it hits the market
Absolutely swept the world
Gorgeous wants to stand at the top of the world's mobile phones
It depends.
When will Mengxue be available for mass production of mobile phones?
Yes
Now the gorgeous funds are relatively tight.
Therefore, Miss Fan
I'm willing to 2 million
Just to get the qualification to be able to give gorgeous OEM
I 5 million
As long as you can OEM for gorgeous
I don't want program fees
Uh, you just want to learn some skills
I 8 million
I don't pay 10 million, I leave the factory
I give 12 million
Damn it's just a cell phone
What's there to be proud of?
Hu Shaokai think of a way
We can't let them be arrogant anymore
That's right, his phone is really excellent.
But
It's missing one of its most important functions.
What function is it? Weather forecast.
The mobile phones we've launched can predict the weather
And up to 70% accurate
Can you?
Is Hu Tianyi's brain flooded?
I just said clearly
My phone can predict the weather
Accuracy up to 99%
Of course predicting the weather
Just one of its small functions
More importantly, he can predict natural disasters
It's 99 percent accurate.
You cooperate far